Tasks Direct and participate in formal and informal meetings with bank directors, trustees, senior management, counsels, outside accountants, and consultants to gather information and discuss findings. Related occupations Recommend actions to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, or to protect solvency of institutions. Related occupations Prepare reports, exhibits, and other supporting schedules that detail an institution's safety and soundness, compliance with laws and regulations, and recommended solutions to questionable financial conditions. Related occupations Resolve problems concerning the overall financial integrity of banking institutions including loan investment portfolios, capital, earnings, and specific or large troubled accounts. Related occupations Investigate activities of institutions to enforce laws and regulations and to ensure legality of transactions and operations or financial solvency. Technology Skills Compliance software — NILS INSource; ODEN Insurance Services State Rules & Regulations; Oversight Insights On Demand; System for Electronic Rate and Form Filing SERFF Related occupations Data base user interface and query software — Microsoft Access Hot technology ; Structured query language SQL Hot technology Related occupations Financial analysis software — ACL Analytics; Financial transaction analysis software; General Examination System GENESYS; PricewaterhouseCoopers TeamMate Related occupations Presentation software — Microsoft PowerPoint Hot technology Related occupations Project management software — Investigation management software; Microsoft Project Hot technology Work Activities Getting Information — Observing, receiving, and otherwise obtaining information from all relevant sources. Related occupations Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards — Using relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards. Related occupations Analyzing Data or Information — Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Related occupations Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates — Providing information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person. Related occupations Making Decisions and Solving Problems — Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. Related occupations 